This kid actually has the ability to steal the master's cultivation base
No one wants to leave the master today
It's all Jiang Bailian's fault
Shut up, the Jade Emperor is here today
I don't give face either
elder
There is a saying called the grace of dripping water, when the spring returns
What are you saying?
18 years ago, you elders established a demon dog
My master lost his legs to protect you
And you took the opportunity to sit on the position of chief elder
Now I marry your cultivation base to heal the master
Just to repay you
Please give me flowers
Master still has such a past
Is it all true?
I never told you these things
How do you know?
Of course someone told me that.
Don't miss the dick
I said so.
I saw it with my own eyes that day
How can the words of evil be taken seriously?
Evil words are not true
Do you want me to say it myself?
You hahahahaha
Qiao Yifeng, I finally found you
Xiaoyufeng
Finally let me find you, Zhang Shengzi fell asleep again
Not just me
My sister promoted you to
Don't you kneel down to welcome